Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy A50: Hello. How are you, I'm good, I'm good. Hang on, I'm so sorry about last Monday, I think we had a miscommunication or
Galaxy A50: Will so the the wait in the waiting room is becoming longer and longer so was already past 630 when they
Galaxy A50: accepted me and I said, and you know there's a ton of questions. So I said, What can we do this later. And she goes, No, I already pitched her. She knows you on your way. And then I just waited and waited. And, yeah, yeah. Sorry about that. Oh, James.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I don't know what happened either. So yeah, sorry about that.
Galaxy A50: That's okay. It's okay. How are you doing,
Shawn Phalen: I'm good, how are you
Galaxy A50: So, um, I've had a lot happened since we last spoke
Galaxy A50: You know about. I think I mentioned that. My job is very, very important to me. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So I have this ridiculous attachment to my boss. It's not like a romantic attachment, but
Galaxy A50: Jesus Christ, but I just love the guy and I would do anything for him and he's show broke. But, I mean, I brought his business up, you know, so all of a sudden on the sixth
Galaxy A50: He tells me that he's broker than ever because he lost his job, which is just hilarious because not Hillary like haha hilarious, but
Galaxy A50: Show. He's the business owner, he's the one of the franchise owners, but the lady who owns the franchise name is his sister.
Galaxy A50: So she actually employed him and she fired me two years, three years ago over some things stupid.
Galaxy A50: And now she fired him, which is kind of like, now we're fired by the same person who happens to be his sister.
Galaxy A50: But he tells me this last minute and he tells me that his wife is taking half of the business like of our business.
Galaxy A50: And I was so against it because it the part that he was going to give her as the very centered. The part that I need.
Galaxy A50: I otherwise I would never care, but she's in the middle like she's in the middle of everything. Plus, she's taking up so much of necessary space.
Galaxy A50: I told him this was not going to work. But I'm still like trying to make peace with it. You know, I have really bad.
Galaxy A50: And not only worries because of my anxiety but also like I'm almost like like an autistic person I get really attached to a specific environment like I had a panic attack.
Galaxy A50: I think I told you about it. I have two in a row in January, because of the living situation because my police had bugs and I'm extremely bug phobic
Galaxy A50: So I had to run ins with bugs, but the police that I lived in was raised by the spa. So both times when I was able to drive as soon as I could. I went to the spot and just chilled out that was always my safety zone.
Galaxy A50: So, this happened on the sixth on the 11th of because I have like ninth and 10th of those are my two days off on the 11th, which was Tuesday.
Galaxy A50: I walked in, not simply I thought she was going to take over as in like I will help in certain way. She's already been there for a couple of hours. Looks like she destroyed. I mean, in such a it's like
Galaxy A50: It was so horrifying. What I saw how neglectful she was helped careless. These are things not even that I have a personal attachment to them, but these are things we use on people's faces like with open wounds and stuff.
Galaxy A50: And just the stupidity. But then I started to think, nobody's that stupid.
Galaxy A50: So then I started to think, Is this some sort of fuck you to me because she knows that her has been not, it's not like he loves me. I mean, he admires me he thinks I'm like the woman to look up to.
Galaxy A50: So I had to such a bad, bad panic attack that I was screaming crying on the phone to my boss.
Galaxy A50: I had to leave. I left for two hours. I was sitting in the car. I just actually this part was like almost like an out of, out of body experience.
Galaxy A50: I kept hearing myself screaming, please make really please make relief and he was like, What is going on. I can't
Galaxy A50: Do it. I'm so protective of him. If this wasn't his wife, whoever this person would be I would be dragging her out by her hair for doing this.
Galaxy A50: And I was completely hopeless, Shawn. So, I mean, I was just shown miserable. I finally I sat in the car for over two hours, then I just kind of like, calm down a little.
Galaxy A50: As well as, as much as they could. I had some food and then two and a half hours. Basically I after I went in and just just
Galaxy A50: took care of my clients like like like a robot, because I'm really chatty. And I'm really like I'm very friendly. I have no life. So, these people are my friends.
Galaxy A50: And same thing on Wednesday, and I kept saying like, come to work. I need you and he just kept like he was so dismissive of me and he's never like that.
Galaxy A50: And on Thursday, he finally came. So this is no 48 hours of your agony and his attitude was so dismissive like basically get over it.
Galaxy A50: Then we got into a huge fight like I can't even explain to you how confrontational a gun. We were screaming at each other it. I couldn't believe this. So basically, because this was not going to work. He fired me so I could collect unemployment.
Galaxy A50: And I don't know what the hell he was thinking because now I went ahead and open my own business, so that that's where I've been. Yes, I've been doing that since. Let's see. So I got fired on Valentine's Day 14 on the 17th is when I started looking for spaces.
Galaxy A50: By Saturday, so like the 22nd. I had a space saved up I paid my
Galaxy A50: My deposit on the 24th and I supposedly OPENED FOR BUSINESS on Monday, which was the second
Galaxy A50: However, so many problems, but I'm just laughing at it because even though I never experienced these things before. I've seen him experience these things. So I know that these are just
Galaxy A50: Trials of brand new ownership, like Google did not post my deal when they finally did it was missing all that. So the deal is there but nowhere to call or no but nowhere to go.
Galaxy A50: And it takes 10 days to be do anything on Google, one of my machines finally arrived on Friday, the one that's like state of the art facial machine is Korean team in China by the coronavirus
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, this is, this has been like this has been hilarious. So I have enough to do right now because this way. I was able to set up exactly how
Galaxy A50: How I want it because I get one room. It's a really big room, but I have to set it up to where I can go from one service to the other kind of easy
Galaxy A50: And I have to set it up. According to because I answer to the board. So I have to set it up in a way that is in tune with the health code and stuff. So it's been a lot of fun, but also a lot of challenges. Wow.
Galaxy A50: You see there's never a dull moment in my life.
Galaxy A50: But he is struggling so much and I feel so terrible about a Chung, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So have you been able to see clients or you
Galaxy A50: Just still wait. Yes. Okay. Yes, because I've been with him. And I've been with natura for so long, people and I have really good relationships. I didn't take anybody with what I took two people with me. But one of them. I brought with me.
Galaxy A50: And the other one I in the process encountered there this lady who is, I don't know. The only way I can explain a describe her is she's a little older than me, barely.
Galaxy A50: But she has a maturity of like a young teenager. So she looks up to me like I'm her mom. So any anything I say anything I do. She was not going to stay
Galaxy A50: So, and he was like that is absolutely fine. Everybody else though you don't even know how many people will Sean and have looked me up on Facebook.
Galaxy A50: On Ben more on LinkedIn. One cold, a doctor that I once mentioned that I was friends with his coordinator
Galaxy A50: Asked for his coordinator and said, are you friends with Dina, can I have, can you have her call me it's just been so it's been flattering. But at the same time. There's so many complaints coming to me.
Galaxy A50: That I'm like, because they used to a certain kind of care, nobody I baby, my clients.
Galaxy A50: So now he's starting to get cancellations. There's 24 people who now cancelled. So that's, I don't know what he's thinking it's just financial suicide for him.
Galaxy A50: And I guess he also put his wife. Okay, so another issue with his wife is that she doesn't speak English.
Galaxy A50: But I learned to like she knows words. So we actually kind of worked out some sort of third language between us.
Galaxy A50: But I mean, otherwise you can just in this one claim was like, What is going on, not only are you not there. Some woman who doesn't speak English answers the phone. I'm like, oh my god. Could this be any more embarrassing.
Galaxy A50: What
Shawn Phalen: What language. Does she speak just curious.
Portuguese
Galaxy A50: So yeah, so it's not like you can just speak Spanish to her either. So, and then, and also then she doesn't know what she's doing. So for somebody calls and says, Hi, I'm so and so.
Galaxy A50: If she were at least part of the business, she would know, oh, this person needs this or this person likes to see her. So, and
Galaxy A50: And I call. So, okay, I'm very attached to my boss, like I mentioned, it's like this. Very strange. Look, it's not a sexual thing at all.
Galaxy A50: I don't find them attractive. I just love him so much. And I think that he's so smart. I really just like don't even want men around me because nobody's nearly as smart as an as perfect as he is.
Galaxy A50: But I mean, he looks like a giant toddler. So I'm absolutely not into him, he he admires me just as much. Plus, I'm older. So I think he looks up to me in that aspect to whatever it is I did to her that to make her think
Galaxy A50: I can't even imagine. Because we heard and I've always been cool. In fact, I'm her aesthetician so now she needs a new institution.
Galaxy A50: So my boss, I really need them in my life and I want to make sure that he's okay. And he's taken care of. So I contacted him, he was very happy for me. And he agreed to be my distributor.
Galaxy A50: Should the products that I use are his. But then I saw him like like six days ago in three weeks, he, he, like he looks like a battalion have fucked him. I mean, I felt so bad. But I mean, he did it to himself, and it's not even anywhere near being
Galaxy A50: In then I just found out I had no idea. We have this really like a larger girl who works with us larger and in a sense that like
Galaxy A50: Her body is is like you can tell what's what sort of, it turns out that she's seven months pregnant. I did not even realize
Galaxy A50: So, God forbid, she goes into labor. Within the next four weeks. And even if she doesn't. What is she how she gonna, I don't know what the fuck, he's thing unless he's
Galaxy A50: ME BE ME THE FIGHT BETWEEN US really was about the fact that he could have brought this to my attention. Three weeks ago and I would have come up with something
Galaxy A50: The way it was. It really probably in the end look to her to the wife like I don't want her there but I i even offered her a long time ago. She used to do nails.
Galaxy A50: I offered her my office because my office has its own door in and out.
Galaxy A50: And she only sees her own Portuguese speaking people like none of this would have bothered me at all, but she just moved in, like, a frickin Christmas tree in the middle of my spa.
Galaxy A50: And dumped everything, uh, who God, I can't even I took a picture of it because when I tell people what this woman did nobody believes me like because nobody stops stupid.
Shawn Phalen: So okay, so it sounds like
Shawn Phalen: You've rebounded from this whole
Situation you've landed on your feet.
Shawn Phalen: You started your own business.
Shawn Phalen: And it sounds like you're just going to charge forward right
Galaxy A50: Yes, but I'm so worried about who I'm leaving behind like between the time that I checked in at the clinic and checked in with you.
Galaxy A50: I received another complete yeah well
Shawn Phalen: That's kind of out of your hands right
Galaxy A50: Yeah, you don't have control over.
Galaxy A50: That I know what I built it so much. I did so much
Galaxy A50: It just, it, it's like building this giant up puzzle and then somebody just knocks it off the table.
Shawn Phalen: So you're going to be better served by building your own business.
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, for sure.
Shawn Phalen: So it's gonna be one of those things where you're just going to have to stay focused and you can't worry about what's happening over there because that's not where you are.
Galaxy A50: Yeah. And so to keep your sanity. You just can't. Yeah, I have to disengage.
Shawn Phalen: You have to because it's it's completely out of your control.
Galaxy A50: So I am very much hoping that he brings me back at some point because for both of our benefits. Like I said to me, that was my therapy.
Galaxy A50: But I, the way I look at it like the reason why I'm not as freaking out because he was freaking out more than me. Oh my god. So he was shaking he his face was twitching. I had to get him water twice.
Galaxy A50: We took three smoke breaks, while he was firing me. It took four hours. So the way I see it.
Galaxy A50: I need him, he needs me. But until what happened happened, I would have never gotten an open file.
Galaxy A50: And I still need my job. I still need a job. I mean, this is starting a business, this, it's not, I'm not going to be making any money for a while. Right. It takes it takes time. Definitely. So maybe one day. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So maybe put that on the back burner.
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, uh huh. Okay, so unfortunately I don't quite have a back burner, but I just decided that my front burner is busy with my business. Right, exactly.
Galaxy A50: That's your focus. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Shawn Phalen: Um, did you have a current day in between all of it.
Galaxy A50: Okay, can you tell me fill me in
Galaxy A50: So you will be getting a released, they really want to talk to you. Okay. Who wants
Galaxy A50: Who
Shawn Phalen: wants to talk to me.
Galaxy A50: Somebody will be talking to you. Yes. So that's why I really wanted to see you last week also to let you know about this. So, somebody will be contacting you, and they want to know, basically, it's, it's all about cussed. It's not. It's about custody and whether or not I'm like mentally fit.
Galaxy A50: You know,
Shawn Phalen: It's going to be contacting me
Galaxy A50: Yes. Her name is Liana Rodriguez. She's a super she's a social worker who works as a court as Family Services media.
Galaxy A50: So she's a government employee. Okay. We had a session. Unfortunately, I didn't do as well as I did previously at the court because we had a hearing as well. Okay, so we have four on the nine
Galaxy A50: Okay, I did beautifully.
Galaxy A50: And then we had a mediation on the fourth and I didn't do very well at all.
Galaxy A50: First of all, I had a really hard time sleeping because I had to sleep at somebody else's house to be at the courthouse by eight, I need to be close to the courthouse.
Galaxy A50: And then secondly, so I never have bad dreams. I also never have dreams that I like. Remember past like five seconds, you know, you wake up and you're like oh cool breeze. And then it just disappears. This one was so like vividly like bothersome.
Galaxy A50: I totally remember it. Somebody was stabbing me with the pen gently. But still, like with the ball of the pen and it hurt like I remember waking up in the morning going, What the hell, like I really felt the pain in my show. I don't know. But I took it sort of as as a bad sign.
Galaxy A50: So I feel like I did. Okay. Because I didn't sleep very well. I wasn't as quick with certain responses. And also, I forgot to mention some things, but I did tell her that I quit. And I did quit. So, so far so good. Okay.
Galaxy A50: So what did you not answer. What did you not tell them, Well, I forgot to mention that. My son has not been to the dentist at all. I forgot.
Galaxy A50: To mention like exact exactly when I started trying to communicate with all his teachers and all his therapists.
Galaxy A50: And then most importantly, my ex husband threatened me but he explained why because he said I insulted him.
Galaxy A50: Which is true. I did. But what I needed to save. But at that moment, I couldn't quite verbalize it. Is that he actually insulted me first. But if I said it like this. It sounds like a five year old bite. And I just, yeah.
Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: They want to contact me. They want to speak to me. And then what do you have another court date again.
Galaxy A50: The 14th of April is when the judge decides whether my baby's coming back to me.
Shawn Phalen: Is he deciding if it's this. He said, goodness ever rights or is he going to extend it what's happening. Do you know
Galaxy A50: Oh no, I still have primary primary right to my child. But just know custody right now until I'm healthy. So if he deems me unhealthy, then it will extent. But if he deems me permanently like like either permanently not fit or that I'm defining like I'm not doing what he wants me to do.
Galaxy A50: Then I might lose physical custody, but I still have legal custody of my kid I always book.
Galaxy A50: Or your medication or anything. Will this is another thing. So I got prescribed the tutor by Mary I went and she she instantly send it in. I went to pick it up. It was 1700 dollars.
Galaxy A50: Yes, I had to make a request to Blue Shield and an amine to to, you know, to waive the restriction, because it's not generic generic. Plus, it just apparently wasn't covered
Galaxy A50: Well, by then, by, by a while that was going on, I contacted Mary again to see if she could change it and she went on vacation.
Galaxy A50: And now, Lita HAS BEEN APPROVED, SO I CAN PICK IT UP TOMORROW. Actually, we both you guys and Me. We both got notified today.
Galaxy A50: But now they're seeing on TV that led to the causes permanent muscle changes where you like Twitch and jerk and it's it's irreversible.
Galaxy A50: Even if you stop taking it. Yeah. So I'm going to do some more research, but so I called again to speak with Mary today and apparently she stuck on a cruise ship.
Galaxy A50: I don't know if she's on that Princess cruise that's quarantine. They won't tell me, but I don't see how else anybody would be stuck on a cruise ship who can take for cruise at this point right now. I'm afraid to leave the house, let alone go somewhere.
Galaxy A50: It's been I'm telling you, it's been a mind. It's been one thing after another. The fact that I'm smiling is really coffee, so
Shawn Phalen: Does the judge does you're not court order to take treat medication or you
Galaxy A50: Know I'm court ordered to set aside, like for you to be satisfied with my progress. They actually asked me, Liliana asked me how long this program is
Galaxy A50: And I said, to be honest, I'm enjoying it so much, especially because it's all in one. And there's therapy and their psychiatric help
Galaxy A50: That really, I would like to just stay with you guys because I'm so sick and tired of starting from the beginning. Every time I need a new person, I have to tell them my whole story right so I'm court order to do intensive outpatient or inpatient treatment.
Galaxy A50: You guys are obviously not intensive, but I'm doing everything I can. That fits me within my lifestyle like we have this program that is very close to hear that or intensive outpatient, it would be four hours a day.
Galaxy A50: Three times a week. Yeah, but, but also because they're so popular. When I started with you in January part of why I went to you guys because your virtual
Galaxy A50: Is because I've exhausted all possibilities. The ones that even worked with me wouldn't even begin until magenta because there was two months. Wait.
Galaxy A50: So it's, it's just everywhere there's something that you need to overcome and with having a job and having eight eight meetings to go to
Galaxy A50: So I actually very honestly told them that I didn't go to a through December, because that's when I started with you guys like I don't remember when but not through December like
Galaxy A50: From like Thanksgiving until Christmas basically because all the intakes and all the our appointments and all the groups and everything else, who has time to do anything else.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so there they want you to do.
Galaxy A50: A meetings as well that's well yes they wanted me to do 90 meetings in 90 days I finished that in November. But then I took a break and then I was like, I need to show good faith.
Galaxy A50: Plus before I started to you guys. I was already going to a and even though I find it kind of tedious in certain neighborhoods where classy people live. It's actually kind of therapeutic. But if I go anywhere and hillbilly area. Oh my God, yeah. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So is there anything that I need to know that they're going to ask me anything that I not been told.
Galaxy A50: I am going to say, probably, but I'm gonna double check with my attorney exactly what she is looking for what might they might be looking for.
Galaxy A50: It's all about my dog, and I want to know about the program and how, how, how, what's how strict basically how non lenient, they don't want you guys to be too casual and how well I'm doing
Galaxy A50: And of course, you're not going to know like my tests or whatever. But whatever you do know feel free to put in
Galaxy A50: I have I have quit smoking. I think I told you this so I'm actually. Oh, and then one more thing you guys sent me a drug test. This was a month ago.
Galaxy A50: According to Jamie, it's still showing interest in like in transport so USPS must have lost it. So the meal be another one. So I'm expecting the set to expect it tomorrow, but I don't understand how USPS is showing in transit. It's been a month.
Sometimes they do them.
Galaxy A50: So I will, I hope, this one comes to me because I'm going to need to pee into a coffee cup otherwise.
Shawn Phalen: Have you had any dirty tests recently.
Galaxy A50: Well, I've only taken three of your tests. And all three of course showed marijuana but nothing else.
Shawn Phalen: Have you had to take tests for the Court like anywhere else.
Galaxy A50: When I
Galaxy A50: When I took my original test. Yes, I took one test because they just wanted to make sure that I wasn't on a substance. When I freaked out at the airport. That was the only time and I told them, it's going to show marijuana, just because it stays in your system for like a month. Right.
Shawn Phalen: So to support us you know marijuana
Galaxy A50: They want to see that I'm off marijuana. Yes, because it's the lady who assessed me
Galaxy A50: I, I, personally, I mean, who am I to judge, but I think she's going like through maybe like the change
Galaxy A50: She's a little older, or things that she was saying that didn't make any sense. But she's a PhD. She's like I said an older lady, and some of it was nonsense. So she diagnosed me with a marijuana use disorder which is it's not abuse but that I use it for my anxiety incorrect.
Galaxy A50: So I don't really understand the difference, my attorney kind of understands. But she said it's like a minute, but it does make a difference.
Galaxy A50: So they want to see that I've been able to control my anxiety with ways other than marijuana, which is why I readily agreed to do that, but I'm just gonna do a little more research on it tonight. And if I needed. Of course I'll go get it tomorrow.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. When was the last, but do you have a card. Do you have a
marijuana card.
Galaxy A50: Hold on, hold on. I'm sorry. What do you say, are you talking to me.
Galaxy A50: Lord. Oh my god. Okay. Oh, I'm so sorry. I thought my landlord is screaming my name, but she's screaming to the Philippines.
Galaxy A50: It sounded like she was saying Dino's alone. Okay. So you mean like a marijuana prescription. Guess I do. And the judge seriously said, I don't care about those things like yeah
Galaxy A50: So they just really want to make sure
Galaxy A50: That I'm not
Galaxy A50: I don't know, maybe they think marijuana somehow screwed up my brain. And that's why I have outbursts. But that's really not what it is I kind of I've been
Galaxy A50: It still sounds like she's calling my name. I
Galaxy A50: I have been reading up on something that may be mentioned. I don't know if I'm allowed to say it because I don't want you to pass the song.
Galaxy A50: Can I say it.
Galaxy A50: Like, don't, don't put it in the thing and anyway. Can you do that. No. Okay. Yeah, I can. Or no, no, no. Okay, that's fine. So I've been kind of reading up on that. And I kind of agree.
Galaxy A50: But at the same time, it's almost like her. Her thing that I was looking up almost seems like it's unprovoked like a but I'm never I don't just like go bipolar on people. It's, it's always something has to trigger it.
Galaxy A50: I'm actually a very nice person. I think
Shawn Phalen: It's so remind me what triggered it in the airport. Again, what happened.
Galaxy A50: The police officer, because I was so distraught, because I was bleeding so hard.
Galaxy A50: And and his first reaction when he walked in was what are you doing, and put your clothes back on.
Galaxy A50: And my clothes were old bloody and I was crying and I was scared because I didn't know if my organs were falling out of me or what
Galaxy A50: And it was so late at night and I had a child with me and I couldn't. I was like, explaining and he was so police about it that I just, I was just I turned into a white dog.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: When I just, I guess I went into like this caged animal mode, huh, yeah. When did
Shawn Phalen: When did when was last time he smoked weed.
Galaxy A50: I'm gonna say
Galaxy A50: Shift shit she was before the firing about to probably like late January.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: How much did you smoke, not much. I already. I took at home test, I'm already showing negative. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So with the tutor is not going to help with the anxiety, then, is that
Galaxy A50: She feels that it would without making me a vegetable, because that's always been like how I react to mad.
Galaxy A50: Yes, I just don't give a fuck. So that's also not who I want to be.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: I guess we'll see that's nothing else.
Galaxy A50: So, well, I've been smoking hookah.
Galaxy A50: You know, that is
Galaxy A50: Yeah, yeah. And that's been really helping to okay
Shawn Phalen: Um, so yeah, if you could ask your attorney, just to give me an idea of what they're going to ask me.
Galaxy A50: You know, just to just to kind of have that like a heads up. Absolutely.
Shawn Phalen: You know, and if there's any information that I need to know that haven't been told.
Galaxy A50: That what that you need to know that what
Shawn Phalen: If there's any information that has not been shared with me.
Galaxy A50: Uh huh. By me okay then.
Galaxy A50: Nope.
Shawn Phalen: I need to know
Shawn Phalen: Can you work that out with your attorney and
Galaxy A50: Absolutely.
Get clarity.
Galaxy A50: Absolutely. Can I help and you and I have another session on the team, by the way.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, tonight. In the meantime, have your email address, please.
Shawn Phalen: Yes, it's S S as in SAM.
Shawn Phalen: P H A LL e n six six at gmail
Galaxy A50: So ask isn't Sean failing like your last name, six. Six at GMAIL. COM. Yeah, perfect. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you're going to have to sign a release with bright heart for me to be able to
Galaxy A50: Yes.
Galaxy A50: Have you sign it.
Galaxy A50: No, not yet. I have that something from the court that I also need to sign I will do all that, I figured I was going to speak with you first and then and then tomorrow I'm going to speak with Dr. Jamison in the morning and also. So we'll touch. I'll cover all bases. Okay, perfect.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: All right. Anything else
Galaxy A50: I know I just, I kind of worried about my kid because he still in that not giving a fuck mode. His teacher told them you like last test. Oh yeah, it's, you know,
Galaxy A50: It will be a good grade basically that you passed you passed us not how life works. So he's like oh well here then. And instead of being like, well, let me look over it again.
Galaxy A50: I just, he doesn't have that he doesn't have that strive to be the best. And that's just not how capitalism works. So that really scares me for the future.
Shawn Phalen: How old is he
Galaxy A50: He's 11 and a half. But he showed that tendency ever since he was. And it's kind of in his personality. He's a little better than my ex husband because my ex husband also expected others to pick up the slack. This one just as leg or whatever.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but that's it. Okay, just can't believe any of this. It's like as soon as things slow down, something happens. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so let's meet when we meet again on the 18th. I've got you in and maybe you know you'll have top spoken to your attorney. By then, he can just kind of fill me in
Galaxy A50: Absolutely yes I'll speak with her tomorrow, and I'll email you something, if you have a follow up question email it back to me, please. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Perfect. Alrighty, my dear, thank you so much for seeing me
Galaxy A50: Bye. Right.